Captain Li is usually so busy
There's still time to attend Sisi's wedding
The friendship between you is so touching
Captain Li hahaha
Our family Sisi is so lucky.
Are you coming to his wedding in person?
Hahaha Lin Sisi
I came to see you.
Did Captain Li see me before?
Love at first sight
Captain Lee
I'm getting married today.
I'm here to investigate the disappearance of 3,000 dowry gifts
Senator, please come back to the Public Security Bureau with me to cooperate with the investigation.
Captain Li, are you mistaken?
What dowry is missing?
Captain Lee is not here for the wedding
It's here to catch the bride
Li Sizhen committed a crime
I never thought of that.
The rich family actually married a criminal daughter-in-law
Miss you today
In order to ruin my marriage with Fuyang
How dare you slander me so much